The following programme contains
strong language and violent scenes.
BIANCA: UDC is the Jackal's
next target.
Where is the Jackal now?
He should be in Tallinn.
(CHEERING)
- Here it is.
- Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
What's your name?
Um, Rasmus.
I don't recognise you
anymore, Bianca.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
If my American friend is right,
the problem is in house.
Carver's on the job now, so,
it's a full blown mole hunt.
The only way to stop this is
to find Norman Stoke.
(GUNSHOT)
What's your next step?
We think have a rough idea
- of where Norman is.
- Where?
Budapest.
I was on a business trip.
Visitors turned up.
A black woman.
(GUNFIRE)
Clean up and get out now.
What's the Jackal's name?
This is his.
(GUNFIRE)
Fuck!
CELESTE: # Some flowers
♪ Never get to bloom and see the day
♪ Some flowers
♪ Are content to wish
Their lives away
♪ Some may rise
♪ And some may fall
♪ But only
♪ You may
♪ Ever
♪ See me true
♪ So, only
♪ You can
♪ Tell that
♪ This is who I am
♪ This is who I am!
♪ No lie
♪ Know that
♪ This is who I am ♪
(GENTLE DRAMATIC MUSIC)
(DOOR OPENS)
(CROWS CAWING)
(SPEAKING HUNGARIAN)
I'm sorry, I don't understand.
Huh?
I'm sorry.
(SPEAKING GERMAN)
Bub, bub, bub, bub.
Argh!
(GROANS)
I can go?
I can- I can pay you money.
I have- I have money.
Dollars. Euros.
I can- I can pay you money.
(DOOR OPENS)
I don't know what that means.
OK, OK, OK, OK.
(PHONE VIBRATING)
What, you want me to speak?
LAZSLO: Hello?
Hello? Wait, d'you speak English?
I learn in the school.
OK, listen, I'd like to sort this
problem as quickly as possible.
Do you understand?
Yes.
So, will you tell your friend here
that I can pay him.
Yeah, so I have money
and I can pay him.
Do you understand me?
Hello?
Yes.
Yeah, so I can pay him money.
We come now. You pay.
Maybe problem go away.
OK. Great. Thank you.
How long will you be?
Attila!
Because I need to get going-
- Igen?
- Wait, no...
(LAUGHS)
(CROWS CAWING)
No. I'm alright, thank you.
I- I'm alright.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(GRUNTS)
(INDISTINCT POLICE RADIO CHATTER)
(HELICOPTER IN DISTANCE)
(PHONE VIBRATING, RINGING)
(PHONE CHIMES)
(CROWS CAWING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC CONTINUES)
(ENGINE STUTTERING)
(ENGINE CHUGGING)
(ENGINE STUTTERS, FAILS)
(CAR APPROACHING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC CONTINUES)
Attila?!
(ENGINE STUTTERING)
(PAINED SCREAM)
(GUNSHOT)
(GUNFIRE)
(ENGINE STARTS UP)
(TYRES SCREECHING, DRUMS CLATTERING)
(ENGINE TURNS OFF)
(MUSIC ENDS)
(GUNSHOT)
(SCREAMS)
(GROANING)
(DISTANT THUNDER RUMBLING)
Sorry.
That's your car?
You have keys?
Let's go. You're driving.
Let's go.
(DRAMATIC VIOLIN MUSIC)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC INTENSIFIES)
(INDISTINCT POLICE RADIO CHATTER)
(MUSIC SOFTENS)
What could they have been printing,
I wonder, I wonder.
He's wiped the computer,
but I've asked Hungarians
if we can have it.
See if our geniuses can
- recover anything.
- OK.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(DOOR OPENS)
We just found two bodies
on a farm ten kilometres away.
Let's go!
(INDISTINCT POLICE RADIO CHATTER)
(DISTANT DOG BARKING)
It's him, I know it.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(MUSIC FADES)
Hey, what's your code?
Your passcode?
It- it's Attila's telephone.
I- I don't know.
OK, show me your phone.
Unlock it.
And give it to me.
Right, I want you to keep both
your hands where I can see them
and I want you to keep driving.
Do you understand me?
Yes.
OK.
(SIGHS)
(PHONE KEYBOARD CLICKING)
(PHONE VIBRATING)
Hola?
Hey. It's me.
Are you OK?
Err...
Hey.
Are you OK?
Honestly?
I'm not good, no.
I'm really not good.
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
I've managed to get myself
in a bit of a mess...
...and I'm in quite
a serious amount of trouble.
What do you mean 'trouble'?
Anyway, I just wanted
to hear your voice
because I'm not a 100% sure
that I'm gonna be making it back.
Charles, you're scaring me.
What's wrong?
Charles?
I'm so sorry... Nuria...
...for all of this. I'm s-
Yes, you should be sorry.
Where are you?
Where the fuck are you, Charles?
I'm in Hungary.
Where in Hungary?
In Budapest.
OK.
I am coming to find you.
No, no, no, no, I've inflicted
enough on you, my love.
No, you can't-Tell me
where you are and what you need.
Please.
Charles, please.
There is one thing...
One thing you could do.
So when we had the house done...
...I had an extension built
at the back my office.
It's a room-
I know about the room, Charles.
What do you need?
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(DRAMATIC SOMBRE MUSIC)
OSI: Bianca and Vince managed to get
Norman's location out of Larry.
It was urgent.
I sanctioned the snatch.
Reports say one man was killed-
Norman Stoke.
We assume shot by the Jackal.
And another man, possibly,
probably the Jackal, escaped.
I need to sell this as a success
- story.
- It is a success story.
Enlighten me as to how failing
to get our man
- can be described as a success?
- Stoke
killed two of our people in Belarus.
So...
So, Bianca killed a man,
just not the man.
Yeah, I'll give that a go.
In addition, we have his
fingerprints and DNA.
They're being checked against
databases across Europe and America.
Good. Where is Bianca now?
On site.
Let's get her and Vince back to
London to discuss next steps.
Make sure she has the resources
she needs for Operation Anubis.
Very good.
Did you come up with that?
I did.
Rather pleased with it.
By the way, Osi.
You did the right thing.
Not telling me about Hungary.
Until Carver has given 303
a clean bill of health,
we all need to be very careful.
Agree.
Give Bianca my congratulations.
(PHONE VIBRATES)
We got two bodies here.
Both local men, brothers.
This one, Gabor,
used to be in the army.
Shotgun wounds to
the chest and ankle.
This one was a loner,
well known to the police.
They've lifted multiple prints.
Well my money's on them
matching the prints in the car.
- Yeah, it's definitely him.
- Have you
found the victim's mobile phone?
- No.
- So he's taken it.
(PHONE VIBRATING)
We'll get a location now.
Osi?
Isabel wants you back in
the office ASAP.
She prioritising the
search for the Jackal.
It'll be known as Operation Anubis,
and she wants you back
to run things.
You're basically going to
get what you want.
Yeah, that's brilliant news,
just bad timing. (SIGHS)
Um, look, he's here in Hungary.
He can't have got far.
- We have to stay on site.
- Logistics
are making the arrangements.
Get to the airport now.
Well, the Jackal's here-
It's not negotiable, Bianca.
Oh, and, er,
Isabel says congratulations
on getting Norman.
She's very pleased.
(DISCONNECT TONE)
(SEAGULLS CAWING)
(DRONE WHIRRING)
We have seven minutes.
Do you wanna change?
Why what's wrong with this look?
MARSHALL: Our share price
projections for the third quarter
are 17% down.
It's our responsibility
as members of this board
to obtain the highest possible
return for our shareholders.
Money isn't real.
The Chinese, the Saudis,
the EU, they're all
threatening reprisals.
If you would at least reconsider
initiating licensing agreements-
The shareholders are
missing the point.
This shareholder
owns 51% of the stock.
I'm announcing River in four days,
and it will be released on schedule,
- on the 28th.
- You're 'announcing'?
- Mm-hm.
- The board
hasn't seen the text. Where?
Where is this announcement
- happening?
- Good meeting, guys!
Your input, as always,
has been invaluable.
Magnificent.
No argument.
You're still with me, right?
You still believe?
I've believed from the start when
we were writing code no-one wanted.
If anything happens to me, the board
are gonna try to stop River.
Promise me...
you won't let that happen.
Nothing's gonna happen to you.
Now, let's get changed.
You can't do the rehearsal
in a wetsuit.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
The glass is bullet-resistant.
It'll stop five rounds from a seven
point six two milliammeter rifle
with no penetration
- and no glass spall.
- Good.
Good?
Good. Alright!
Let's get into this.
This... is the official announcement
after months of speculation
that River is real
and it will be launched...
on the 28th.
In a just world...
money, flowing like rivers,
would empty into a vast reservoir
for the public good.
Sir.
You're pacing around behind the
- glass.
- I pace when I give talks.
The glass can't protect you
unless you stay close.
Instead...
...a predator class
of the super-rich
have diverted the flow...
into their own pockets.
They call this the free market.
River is gonna change everything
because it will tell you exactly...
...where the money is going.
River is transparency.
River is global change.
(RADIO REPORT IN HUNGARIAN)
The hunt for the man the police
are now referring to as the Jackal,
has expanded across Hungary.
The public are being asked
to remain vigilant
and report any sightings
to the search helpline.
He is considered armed
and dangerous...
The man at the farm this morning,
Laszlo, who was he?
I work for him.
I'm so sorry that you came
this morning, Laszlo.
I wish you hadn't.
You have good man face.
Say that again.
(GIRL SCREAMS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
Pull over to the side here.
Will you put both hands on the
steering wheel where I can see them?
Please. My wife.
My child.
Close your eyes.
(CRIES)
Keep your eyes closed.
(SOBBING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC CONTINUES)
I know where you live.
If anything happens to me...
...my colleagues will come
to your house.
And they will kill your wife
and your child in front of you.
So when the police ask about me...
...you are gonna tell them that
you never saw my face
and you never heard my voice.
Can I trust you?
Yes.
(CRIES) Yes.
(CRIES, LAUGHS)
Nuria, it's me.
I'm hoping you're on the plane.
Email me when you get in.
So, don't, er,
don't call this number.
I love you.
Hi, can I get a couple of hours, please?
(KEYBOARD CLICKING)
Why is Bianca so interested
in Alexander Duggan?
Er, he was a British Army sniper.
The best, apparently.
But he's dead, correct?
Yeah, Duggan's unit were
wiped out by the Taliban.
So, why is she so interested?
Well it's, it's all a bit murky.
The MoD files have been redacted.
Used to be ideology.
Those days are gone.
Now it's money or sex.
Do you like money, Damian?
Not enough to betray my country-
What about sex, Damian?
Do you like sex enough
to betray your country?
I- I don't understand.
Did a very beautiful,
sexy woman approach you
on one of your numerous holidays
in Palma de Mallorca?
Florida? Tangier?
You travel a lot, Damian.
How do you pay for that?
With my salary.
And did this beautiful,
sexy woman offer you sex in return
for information?
There was no beautiful, sexy woman,
and I didn't leak
the Belarus operation.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
ANNOUNCEMENT: Passengers
from Seville,
your luggage is now ready to collect
from carousel number five.
(DOOR KNOCK)
(MUSIC FADES)
Hi.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Thank you.
You should go.
I've already involved you too much.
(SOMBRE PIANO MUSIC)
Come here.
(BOTH BREATHE HEAVILY)
You scared me.
You said false identities.
But this is extreme.
Why do you need this disguise?
There are people looking for me.
And I need to get out of here.
I have one question.
Yeah?
Is this worth it?
It was.
I gotta get going.
Show me.
(EERIE MUSIC)
ANNOUNCEMENT: Please don't leave
your luggage unattended.
All unattended luggage will be
removed for security reasons.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
Sign here.
I'm going that way.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC CONTINUES)
This is a boarding announcement for
DTR flight 7809 to London Heathrow.
Please could passengers make
their way to Gate 10.
Thank you so much.
Sorry to be such a bother.
You're welcome.
UDC's coming off his island
and will be announcing River
in Tallinn at a big event
in four days' time.
UDC's people have been keeping it
very tightly under wraps.
Can you share your source?
That would be difficult.
But you're thinking
if UDC is going to be in Tallinn,
that's where the Jackal'll be?
Exactly.
Where is Bianca now?
Waiting for her flight to London
at Budapest airport.
Let's divert her to Tallinn.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC INTENSIFIES)
(PHONE VIBRATING)
Osi.
Change of plan.
You're going to Tallinn.
Tallinn in Estonia?
UDC's going to be there. Logistics
are getting you on a flight
leaving Budapest in 40 minutes.
Can you make that?
We're going to Tallinn.
OK, let me go talk to someone.
OK. Er, yeah. We'll make it.
Good.
You'll be working out of the
embassy. They're expecting you.
Isabel is making sure you get
everything. I'll join you tomorrow.
Sorry, excuse me. Is there a delay?
We will soon be on our way.
Alright.
We will be taking off with an
approximate ten minute delay.
We apologise for any
inconvenience caused.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Welcome on board. It's on the left.
Thanks.
Here, gimme your bag.
Cheers. Oh God, sorry.
It's alright.
Bianca, take a look.
OK.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Let's hope Osi's sending us
to the right place.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
That's wonderful, thank you.
(ENGINE STARTS UP)
Would you mind putting that
in the back for me?
You're very kind, young man.
- Thank you.
- Thank you, sir.
Watch your step.
Yeah. Yeah.
(ENGINE STARTS UP)
(MUSIC ENDS)
(SIRENS IN DISTANCE)
Hello, welcome to The Sterling.
Thank you.
Madam, Sir, you are both on
the second floor,
room 253
and 254.
- Thank you.
- Which way?
That way and up.
(SOMBRE VIOLIN MUSIC)
(SIGHS)
This is me.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Right I'll see you in the morning.
Maybe you should call home.
See you in the morning.
(INTERCOM BUZZES)
(DOOR KNOCK)
(INDISTINCT SHOUTS)
MAN: This is the police.
Open the door, please.
Evening.
Er, how can I help?
You live here?
Er, no, I'm visiting. It's an Airbnb.
Is everything alright?
There was a burglary
on the floor above.
We're just knocking on doors to see
if anyone saw anything strange.
Well I'm afraid that I've been
out sightseeing all day, so.
Could I see some ID, please?
Yeah.
Why are you in Tallinn?
Business. I'm an
architectural engineer.
You said you were sightseeing today?
I was.
But you're on business?
Yeah.
I had a little- little free time.
Thank you for your assistance.
Not at all.
Good luck with the burglary.
Do you have a phone number
you could give us?
In case we need
to contact you again,
so we don't have to come
to the house?
Plus 44? UK?
Yep.
Er, double 7, double 0...
900, 8, 2, 3.
Yep.
(DIAL TONE RINGING)
(PHONE RINGING)
Thank you.
Yeah.
Not at all. Goodnight.
(DIAL TONE RINGING)
Hello?
Hi, is that Rasmus?
Erm, yes. Yes it is.
Erasmus, hi, it's Peter here.
We met at the Kontserdisaal.
I don't know if you remember,
you helped me find my phone?
Oh yes, yes. I remember.
Have you lost something else now?
Er, no, not that I'm aware of.
(CHUCKLES) Great.
Er, look, I hope you don't mind me
calling, I know it's late,
but I just wondered if you wanted
to grab a drink or something?
Sure, yeah.
That'd be nice.
♪ MASSIVE ATTACK: Paradise Circus ♪
♪ Oh, well
♪ The devil makes us sin
♪ But we like it
when we're spinning...
Hi.
Evening.
Beautiful place.
How you doing?
Good.
You going to the airport?
It's kinda late.
There's a problem with
my Airbnb so... Oh!
I've just got to check
- into a hotel later.
- OK.
Right, what can I get you?
Well, er, let me have a look.
OK, this is really expensive.
(CHUCKLES)
It's on me, so...
Thanks. Well, uh,
normally I just have a beer.
Beer? Let's get you a beer.
Excuse me?
You know what, er, actually,
let me, let me try one of those.
Old Fashioned?
- Yes. Whatever that is.
- Can I get
another one of those, please.
Of course.
Looks very, uh, sophisticated.
How long are you in Tallinn?
Er, just a couple of nights.
Yeah, work.
I'm an architectural engineer.
OK. OK, you weren't at the
Kontserdisaal for the gig, right?
That obvious?
Very obvious.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
I could tell.
You didn't have that, vibe.
Oh, what, I don't have
the electro, techno vibe?
No. Not at all.
OK.
What sort of vibe
would you say I have?
Kind of serious?
(GLASS PLACED DOWN)
Thank you.
And also... a bit dangerous.
In a good way.
That's a first.
It is?
I'll take it.(CHUCKLES)
I'm working on a venue in London
and the Konsterdisaal's
seen as one of the...
well, one of the great icons
of the form, so.
I wanted to come check it out.
You gonna drink that?
Yeah.
Thoughts?
Really nice.
Yeah?
- No.
(LAUGHTER)
I fucking hate it.
I can't drink this.
- Getting you a beer.
- Do they even have
beers in a place like this?
I'm sure they have beers and if not
we are taking our custom elsewhere.
Excuse me? Two of your
finest beers, please.
Of course.
Thank you.
♪ The devil makes us sin
♪ But we like it
when we're spinning ♪
This is great.
That's my bed?
Er, yeah. The comfortable couch.
That's not bad.
So...
What?
I dunno.
What do you mean you don't know?
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(MUSIC SWELLS, ENDS)
♪ BING CROSBY:
You Do Something to Me ♪
♪ Something that simply mystifies me
♪ Tell me
♪ Why should it be
♪ You have the power to hypnotise me?
♪ Let me live 'neath your spell
♪ Do, do that voodoo
that you do so well
♪ Oh, you do something to me
♪ That nobody else could do ♪
Subtitles by Sky Access Services
www.skyaccessibility.sky